0.  According to Miriam-Webster, pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is "a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very
    fine silicate or quartz dust". More importantly in the context of this problem, it is the maximum length word we will try
    and spell check (45 characters)
    
1.  According to its man page, getrusage() is a function that gets resource usage measurements/statistics for various calling 
    processes used in a program. 
    
2.  Per the man page for getrusage(), there are 16 different members in a variable of type struct rusage

3.  I think that before and after are passed by reference because we make a calculation using components of each struct, (moreover
    structs within Before and After). Thus, we need to point at these inner structs with pointers themselves. Also, since we're
    not passing by value and don't need to make any copies, we save ourselves some memory space and time as well, which is an
    important part of this problem.
    
4.  The for loop iterates over characters in the .txt file, continuing until we've reached the end of the file, as denoted by the 
    EOF character. If the given character is allowed (I.E. it's alphabetical or an apostrophe), we print the character out. If we
    get a character that is a number, or a word that exceeds the maximum of 45 characters, we consume the rest of that word and 
    prepare for the next word. If we reach a character that isn't alphanumeric, and it's not a superfulous space etc. at the 
    beginning of a word, we conlcude that we've finished building a word. Then we call the check() function to spellcheck the
    given word, handling it appropriately when given check()'s return value.
    
5.  I think that fget() is used to read in character by character rather than using fscanf() to read in entire words at a time,
    as reading in entire words could be problematic for some of our other functions, as we'll need to go character by character
    through the words anyway to determine if they're misspelled. Also, each word would vary in size, so we would need to always 
    adjust the file point correctly, which could be difficult.

6.  The parameters for check and load are declared as constants so we don't accidentally change their the given dictionar/word
    that we are given (considering we are receiving char* and any changes we made would be permanent).
