= Stranger Things

== Answers

1. So many sites were inaccessible during the attack on Dyn even though the sites themselves were not offline because the attacks on
Dyn inturrepted Dyn's DNS lookup traffic. Every website is given by an IP address, usually a long numerical code that looks 
something like #.#.#.# . It would be very difficult, if not impossible, to try and remember the long IP address of every website 
that we wanted to visit. Domain Name System (DNS) was created so that we could type www.facebook.com into our browser, and DNS would
lookup and return the IP address that our machine should visit. With Dyn unable to provide DNS services, we couldn't simply type a 
domain name into the browser and be properly sent to the target website, as no IP address was ever correctly provided. Thus, even 
though the website were not offline (and could be accessible if we manually typed in the IP address), the appeared inacessible and 
they wouldn't load by submitting their domain name.

2. So many IoT devices are suscebtible to malware becuase they come with factory-default usernames and passwords, like "user" and
"admin", and "12345" than are easy to bypass with brute force algorithms. Even though many IoT devices allows users to change the
default username and password on a web-based administration panel, many IoT devices can be accessed using other communication 
services like telnet and SSH. In these cases, the factory-default usernames and/or passwords and hard-coded into the system and 
cannot be changed. Simply put, IoT devices are so susceptible to malware becuase they have easy to crack (default) usernames and 
passwords, many of which can't be changed.

3. When the router recieves a TCP/IP packet from an IoT devices, it recieves the packet via its private IP address. It should update
the source address to its own public IP address, and change the destination address to the IP address of the place where the IoT 
wants the packet sent on the internet. Meanwhile, the destination port and the (pseudorandom) source port should remain unchanged. 
When the server replies, the destination source should be the public IP address of the router, and the destination port should be 
the same as the destination port on which the server received the TCP/IP packet. The router should store the private IP address of 
the IoT device when it recieves a packet, along with the unique source port used for communicating with that device. Then the router 
should know the IP address where it should forword a packet it receives from the server by simply matching that unique source port 
with the corresponding IoT IP address stored in memory.

== Debrief

1. Provided links, Lecture 6 notes

2. 1 hour
